# First meeting! :raised_hands: 
## :date: 24 January 2024 - 11am-12pm
- :round_pushpin: Join Zoom Meeting


### Roll call
* Asra Aslam
* Guillermo Romero Moreno
* Emilia Holland - Meld B
* Sami Adnan - CoMPuTE
* Batool Almarzouq
* Rafael Henkin
* Emma Karoune
* Ellie Harvey
* Muhammad Usman

### Agenda
* How this committee is going to be run such as how often we need meetings, organisation of the meetings, structure and decision making of the committee.
* Plan for ECR in person days - review [planning documents](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1_ejC45rLYS0TsH4373zbuS5spzzjaTilq7qIpRaYuEQ/edit?usp=sharing), which AIM projects want to host, possible schedule/dates, topics for these events. 
* ECR lunchtime sessions

### Notes

- Welcomed the new ECR committee members and thanked them for their time
- The goal of the committee is for members to help shape ECR events and activities to ensure they meet the needs of ECRs
- ECR committee members should act as a conduit, gathering input and information from other ECRs at their institutions and bringing it back to the committee
    - Shape the events and activities over the next year to be really worthwhile and impactful for ECRs
- Discussed frequency of meetings
  - Agreed to start with monthly meetings and review after a few months
  - No objections to having the first monthly meeting in February
  - Set a recurring meeting on the 2nd Monday of each month at 11am
- Discussed communication channels
  - AA - slack contact as well between the meetings with a deadline.
  - EmH and ElH - both said they don't use slack, have trouble logging in and need help. Also help with Github needed as don't use it currently.
  - Agreed to use email for contacting group but also by slack/github so multiple communication channels.
  - Will use email threads for now as some members are not yet familiar with Slack and GitHub
  - Batool and Emma will provide training on Slack and GitHub
- Suggested rotating the facilitator role rather than having a single chair
  - Facilitator runs the meetings but does not have to do pre-meeting preparation
  - Emma will send out the agenda before each meeting
- Discussed decision making process
  - Aim for general consensus. All need to be given a chance to approve decisions. In meeting but if not present - approval by email with deadline to comment/approve, (slack not great for everyone)
- 4 in-person events are planned around the UK, but will be hybrid events
  - ECR toolkit here: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1_ejC45rLYS0TsH4373zbuS5spzzjaTilq7qIpRaYuEQ/edit
  - This will be send out to PMs shortly and so by the next meeting we should have some plans to look at for in person days.
- Want the ECR committee to help shape the program and content of each event
  - Topics and activities have been suggested already based on previous feedback
  - Will share the planning document and ask for input on priorities
- Monthly ECR lunchtime sessions will continue
  - Speakers and topics welcome - contact Emma with ideas
- Training should be tailored to ECR needs
  - Send ideas for training sessions that would be useful

### Actions

- [x] Batool to send placeholder for all ECR reps.
- [x] Batool to set-up ECR GitHub repo with issue
- [x] EK - Create a table for rotating chairs, facilitating.
- [ ] Batool + Emma to set-up training for Slack and GitHub
    - [ ] Onboarding to Slack (at the top of the document) as suggested by Sami
- [x] Adding funding/support for grants as one of the topics in the ECR toolkit. discussions of successful and unsuccessful grants.
- [ ] Sami to contact Sue Ziebald (NIHR) about speaking on grant applications.

